Category: Board Game Nights

200
One of two main characters of FRIENDS that fits the category
Answer: Monica or Rachael

400
Famous Chinese dictator of the 20th century
Answer: Mao Zedong 

600
This artist recorded her famous #1 hit “Genie in a Bottle” and sang vocals for “Moves Like Jagger”
Answer: Christina Aguilera

800 (Daily Double)
This actor stars as an unsuccessful jazz pianist on “La La Land,” along with Emma Stone. 
Answer: Ryan Gosling 

1000
This Norman (French) duke, “the Conqueror,” invaded England in the 11th century, and the only British monarch to share a name with our meetup group
Answer: William (Will)

Category: Potpourri

200
A dog inside a house on fire within this meme says these three words 
Answer: This is fine

400
The worst late night TV show host, he often interrupts his guests and his laugh is widely criticized as fake (Audio Clue)
Answer: Jimmy Fallon 

600
The number of US states touching the Pacific Ocean plus the number of Dakotas
Answer: Seven

800
A phlebotomist is a doctor that specializes in this.
Answer: Blood

1000 (Daily Double)
The national animal of Scotland is this mythological animal.
Answer: Unicorn

Category: Said Terribly 

200
This depressed cashier at a fast food restaurant lost his spark for life, not even finding solace in his mediocre artwork and music.  
Answer: Squidward

400 (Daily Double)
After a few days saying how grateful you are, you spend this next unofficial holiday at Best Buy, Amazon, etc. buying cheap electronics and plastic toys.
Answer: Black Friday

600
This city has been labelled as a “den of sin” filled with drugs, poop on the street, and general moral decay. It has some of the highest rents in the nation.
Answer: San Francisco (i.e. San Fran-sick-o)

800
This horny teenage girl who doesn’t get out that much records in her diary her struggles during WWII
Answer: Anne Frank

1000
The title character of this Shakespeare play is a whiny little 30 year old who can’t make up his mind about killing his uncle
Answer: Hamlet

Category: Don’t quote me boy

200
It is now, you are a star, play the game, then play 
Not now, you rock stars, make shows, pay
Answer: Smash Mouth (All Star)

400
We fight on the seashore, we fight on the floor, we fight in the fields, we fight on the road, we fight on the mountains; we never let go. 
Answer: Winston Churchill

600
Slowly 
I want your neck to breathe slowly 
Let me say something in my ear 
So remember if you are not with me 
Slowly...
Answer: Luis Fonsi (Despacito)
 
800 (Daily Double)
She’s just a girl who claims to be me
But the boy is not me
She says I am, but the boy is not me 
He, he, he
Answer: Michael Jackson (Billie Jean)

1000
No chaotic pit. A chaotic ladder. Many who try to cross it fail and never try again. Only the scale is real. Climbing is all there is to it.
Answer: Petyr Baelish (Game of Thrones)
